# Chapter 19
## Summary
In this chapter, you learned how forms allow users to add new topics and entries, and edit existing entries. You then learned how to implement user accounts. You gave existing users the ability to log in and out, and used Django’s default UserCreationForm to let people create new accounts.
User Accounts   431
After building a simple user authentication and registration system, you restricted access to logged-in users for certain pages using the @login_required decorator. You then assigned data to specific users through a foreign key relationship. You also learned to migrate the database when the migration requires you to specify some default data.Finally, you learned how to make sure a user can only see data that belongs to them by modifying the view functions. You retrieved appro-priate data using the filter() method, and compared the owner of the requested data to the currently logged-in user.It might not always be immediately obvious what data you should make available and what data you should protect, but this skill will come with practice. The decisions we’ve made in this chapter to secure our users’ data also illustrate why working with others is a good idea when building a proj-ect: having someone else look over your project makes it more likely that you’ll spot vulnerable areas.You now have a fully functioning project running on your local machine. In the final chapter, you’ll style Learning Log to make it visually appealing, and you’ll deploy the project to a server so anyone with internet access can register and make an account.